Pal 882 clients docs (#59)
gchq/Palisade-clients: client-akka/README.md

<!---
Copyright 2018-2021 Crown Copyright

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
--->

# Palisade Akka Client

> The Akka Palisade Client API provides access to a Palisade cluster and exposes an interface using both java standard-lib types and Akka types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Akka Palisade Client API provides access to a Palisade cluster and exposes an interface using both Java standard-lib types and Akka types.
```

Reviewer: Still unchanged

This exists alongside the [Java Client](../client-java) as both a demonstration of a different implementation, and to provide better compatibility with some Palisade internals, most of which make use of Akka.

## API Design

The client follows as simple an API as possible.

> After providing configuration for the location of a cluster, the client is otherwise stateless and presents as flat data-structures as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After providing configuration for the location of a cluster, the client is otherwise stateless and presents the flattest data-structure possible.
```
